Bot to log in to carrier portal, download docs, classify those docs, then perform an action based on document type

Will have to scope out with Milana whether to look for a document hub

Current state of the art: Ops once every few days logs into all 40+ carrier portals to manually pull the relevant documents

Docs can be
1. Policy Doc
	1. Followup: Identify the policy with which this is associated and upload the policy doc
		1. V1 - create a helpscout ticket with the document attached (that it thinks is right)
2. Endorsement Docs
	1. Similar to policy doc V1 
		1. But also create a helpscout to tell the ops to create an endorsement transaction
3. Cancellation Docs
	1. Similar to policy doc v1 
		1. But should create a cancellation transaction, too

This should be built in a way that allows the ai agent infrastructure to be used elsewhere. 

Tangibles to be done by EOW July 11:
- What's the best tool to do this? Some web scraper? Pricing? 
- How to handle OTP / logins for some of these portals?
- Meet with Milana to demo the simplest carrier portal (with no OTP to login). Walk me through what someone would do to get these documents. 
- Ask Milana, Would Coterie work? They have a sandbox 

SOtA for Coterie, Hiscox within 20 minutes agents@coverdash.com we receive policy docs, reinstatements, endorsements, NOCs, etc. Whoever (Milica) is monitoring the inbox creates a Helpscout ticket to download these docs - if that doc is an endorse / reinstate, must check if there's anyone already assigned to that ticket in PENDING in Helpscout. Most of the time but not always existing ticket for endorse / reinstate because clients can reach out directly to carrier or the AM may forget to make a ticket for this themselves

CNA, Hartford (OTP), Amtrust, Travelers (OTP), Chubb all have nice portals to download whatever docs. Wholesalers (including RT specialty) will email people (who knows who they will eventually email)